here at Honda we take pride in our
solutions to revolutionize the driving
experience with the all-new Honda Civic
you can drive powerful drive smart in
just one car we want you to have it your
way that is why we created the
intelligent multi-information display or
i.m ID it's a unique feature that
changes how drivers control different
functions of the vehicle in a
user-friendly manner the I M ID is a
five inch LCD screen conveniently
located within the drivers line of sight
its four major functions are compactly
stored in its control switch drivers can
use the control switch located in the
steering wheel the control switch holds
the information button on its top the
source button and the menu button at the
bottom the IM IV screen makes it easier
for drivers to adjust the car consoles
with just a glance you can view the I M
IDs major functions screen display audio
mode and vehicle menu screen display
shows vital information needed by the
driver with the press of the information
button the I MIG can show either the
audio mode the average fuel consumption
the clock or the wallpaper and the
minimum screen that displays the
temperature total distance and time
in audio mode the IMI D displays the
name of the song the artist the album as
well as the album jacket cover you can
choose from different audio modes radio
CD and other connectable sources the
radio stations can be preset to channels
of your choice
the IMI D also displays the volume level
as you toggle it from the steering wheel
in the vehicle menu drivers can select
the display format and even adjust
settings drivers can also look at the
trip meter in this mode the trip meter
indicates the driving distance drivers
can view the odometer and even compare
route distances you can also customize
settings to fit your preferences the
options range from display setup keyless
entry acknowledgment lighting setup and
door setup in display setup drivers can
choose I am ID screen displays to show
the clock or show the wallpaper up to
three pictures can be uploaded via the
USB connector to show the trip meter
choose the seat trip information it will
then display average fuel as well as
range or the average speed drivers can
choose up to four themed colors blue red
amber and grey
in lighting setup drivers can easily set
timing that passenger cabins light and
headlight will turn off automatically
locks can also be set through the IMI D
it can auto lock when the car is
cruising at a speed of 15 km/h or when
shifting gears from park it can auto
unlock when shifting to park or upon
turning off the engine the keyless entry
acknowledgement can also be turned on or
off in the IMI D this feature allows
drivers to choose if the cars lights
will blink when it is locked or unlocked
meanwhile the security relock timer
locks the car when drivers accidentally
unlocked
drivers can set the time when the car
will auto lock itself the warning system
tells the driver when doors are not
closed properly
the imit pushes the experience of
driving powerful and driving smart in
just one car so how will you drive today
you